# Installation Guide

Let's get Griffin up and running on your system!

## Before You Start

Before diving into the installation, ensure you have the following prerequisites in place:

- **Ansible:**  Version 2.9 or higher is required.
- **Unzip:**  This utility is needed to extract downloaded files.

If you're unsure whether you have these packages installed, you can quickly check using these commands:

```bash
ansible --version
unzip --version
```

If either of these commands results in an error, you'll need to install the missing package(s). Here's how to do it on Debian-based systems:

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install ansible unzip
```

## Behind a Proxy?

If you're behind a proxy like Zscaler, there's an additional step:

Add the Zscaler root certificate:

You'll need to add the Zscaler root certificate to your system's trust store. This is typically located at `/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/`.

We've included a helper script to simplify this process.

::alert{type="warning"}
Always review any script before running it to ensure it's safe.
::

```bash
curl -k -s [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TerrorSquad/ansible-post-installation/master/add_zscaler_root_cert.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TerrorSquad/ansible-post-installation/master/add_zscaler_root_cert.sh) | bash
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during the installation, refer to the [FAQ](faq) for assistance.

## Congratulations

You've successfully installed **Griffin**! Now you can enjoy a streamlined and efficient Linux experience.

## Next Steps

Explore the features and customizations **Griffin** offers.
Learn how to contribute to the project.
