# Testing with Vagrant

To test the Ansible playbook locally, you can leverage the power of Vagrant to create a virtualized environment.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following software installed on your system:

- **Vagrant:** A tool for building and managing virtual machine environments.
- **VirtualBox:** A virtualization platform that Vagrant can use to create the virtual machine.

You can install these on Debian-based systems using the following command:

```bash
sudo apt install -y vagrant virtualbox
```

## Testing Steps

Follow these steps to set up and test your Ansible playbook with Vagrant:

1. Navigate to the Project Directory:

::alert
Ensure you are in the root directory of your Griffin project where the Vagrantfile and playbook_vagrant.yaml files are located.
::

2. Create and Provision the Vagrant Box:
   Run the following command to create a new Vagrant box and provision it with your Ansible playbook:

```bash
vagrant up --provision
```

This will:

1. Download the specified Ubuntu image (if not already present).
2. Create a virtual machine based on that image.
3. Execute the `playbook_vagrant.yaml` Ansible playbook to configure the virtual machine.
4. Force Destroy and Recreate (Optional):

If you need to start from a clean slate or make changes to your Ansible playbook, you can force destroy the existing box and recreate it with the latest configuration:

```bash
vagrant destroy --force && vagrant up --provision
```

## Important Notes

::alert{type="info"}
The Vagrantfile in your project is already configured to use `playbook_vagrant.yaml` as the Ansible entry point.
::

::alert
Base Box: The Vagrant setup uses the `ubuntu/mantic64` box. You can find more information about this box on the [Vagrant Cloud](https://app.vagrantup.com/session).
::

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during the testing process, consult the [FAQ](faq) for assistance.


## Github Actions

The project is configured with Github Actions to run the playbook on every push to the main branch. You can find the workflow file at `.github/workflows/build.yaml`.
