---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /documentation/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/TerrorSquad/ansible-post-installation
---

#title
Griffin

#description
Effortlessly configure your Debian-based Linux system with Ansible.

#extra
  ::list
  - 🚀 Streamline your development environment.
  - 💻 Install essential developer tools.
  - ⚙️ Automate system configuration and package installations.
  - 💬 Set up communication and collaboration tools.
  - ✨ Enjoy a pre-configured, personalized Linux experience.
  - 🔧 Customize your setup with flexible options.
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - wget https://github.com/TerrorSquad/ansible-post-installation/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
  - unzip master.zip
  - cd ansible-post-installation-master
  - ansible-playbook ./playbook.yml -K -e username=$(whoami) -e=all=true
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default

  ::card{icon="logos:ansible"}
  #title
  Effortless Automation
  #description
  Leverage the power of Ansible to automate software installation and configuration, saving you valuable time and ensuring consistency across your systems.
  ::

  ::card{icon="logos:terminal"}
  #title
  Supercharged Terminal
  #description
  Experience a more productive and enjoyable terminal environment with Zsh and the versatile Antidote plugin manager.
  ::

  ::card{icon="mdi:code-braces"}
  #title
  Developer's Paradise
  #description
  Equip yourself with essential development tools like JetBrains Toolbox, Docker, Visual Studio Code, and more, all pre-configured for your convenience.
  ::

  ::card{icon="mdi:chat-outline"}
  #title
  Stay Connected
  #description
  Seamlessly communicate and collaborate with colleagues and friends using popular tools like Zoom and Slack.
  ::

  ::card{icon="mdi:rocket-launch-outline"}
  #title
  Productivity Powerhouse
  #description
  Hit the ground running with pre-configured tools like Git, Zsh, Neovim, and Terminator, optimized for efficiency and productivity.
  ::

  ::card{icon="noto:puzzle-piece" class="text-pink-500"}
  #title
  Tailored to You
  #description
  Customize your installation with flexible options and flags to create a Linux environment that perfectly matches your workflow and preferences.
  ::

::
