---
title: Code of Conduct
description: Our pledge to foster an open and welcoming environment
navigation:
  icon: i-heroicons-heart
---

## Our Pledge

We, the Griffin community, are committed to creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of their background or identity. We value respect, collaboration, and open communication.

## Our Standards

We expect all participants in the Griffin community to adhere to the following standards:

* **Be Respectful:** Treat everyone with kindness and consideration. Avoid any language or behavior that could be considered offensive, discriminatory, or harassing.
* **Be Collaborative:**  Work together constructively and be open to feedback. Value diverse perspectives and strive for consensus.
* **Be Welcoming:** Encourage participation from everyone and create an environment where everyone feels comfortable contributing.
* **Be Professional:** Maintain a professional and respectful demeanor in all interactions.

## Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behavior includes, but is not limited to:

*   Harassment, discrimination, or intimidation of
 any kind.
*   Offensive comments or jokes related to gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, religion, disability, or other personal characteristics.
*   Personal attacks, insults, or trolling.
*   Spamming or other disruptive behavior.

## Reporting Issues

If you experience or witness any unacceptable behavior, please report it to the project maintainers. All reports will be handled with discretion and confidentiality.

## Enforcement

Project maintainers are responsible for enforcing this Code of Conduct. They will review reported incidents and take appropriate action, which may include:

*   Issuing warnings to individuals.
*   Temporarily or permanently banning individuals from the community.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), version 2.0.


## Contact

If you have any questions or concerns about this Code of Conduct, please contact the project maintainers.
